Ransomware Riddles
note
The main part of this Challenge assignment reinforces the cryptography topics that we covered in class this week. However, the assignment also includes a Career Services reminder at the end—make sure to complete your milestones to become employer ready and employer competitive.

In this assignment, you will play the role of a cybersecurity analyst at Nakatomi Hospital.

Unfortunately, one of the hospital's doctors opened an email containing ransomware.

This ransomware spread throughout the hospital and encrypted all patient records.

The ransomware has given you two options to decrypt and retrieve the patient records: either pay 100 Bitcoins or solve six riddles.

Since you refuse to pay a ransom, you'll have to solve six cryptographic riddles. Act fast: the doctors need to access the patient records, as lives are at stake!

Topics Covered in This Assignment
Encryption
Decryption
Caesar Cipher
Encoding and Decoding
Binary
Symmetric and Asymmetric Encryption
Open SSL
Key/IV
Public/Private Keys
Key Distribution
Hashing
Hashing Algorithms
Hashcat
Steganography
Steghide
Files Required
The entire assignment can be completed on the publicly available website linked below. If for any reason the website is unavailable or you encounter other issues, you can also access the offline copy of the site linked below. Finally, use the linked Module 10 Submission File to record your key for each riddle and a screenshot showing the decrypted data. The submission file will be your Challenge deliverable.

Website: https://sites.google.com/view/cryptobreakout/Links to an external site.

Offline Copy: Crypto_ChallengeLinks to an external site.

Submission File: M10 Challenge Submission FileLinks to an external site. (Remember to make a copy of this document before filling it out.)

Instructions
In order to solve the riddles, apply the cryptographic concepts that we've covered in the past three lessons.

Once you've solved a riddle, submit your answer on the bottom of the Riddle page.

If you have solved the riddle correctly, you will receive a key. Save this key in your M10 submission file.

Once you have collected all six keys, select the Ransomware Decrypted header on the website, and enter all your keys.

If all six keys are correct, the ransomware will be removed and the data will be decrypted. Take a screenshot of the decrypted data, and include this screenshot in your M10 submission file.
